semantic_segmentation_augmentations
================

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

## Install

To install the library, run:

``` sh
pip install semantic_segmentation_augmentations
```

## How it works

This data augmentation techniques are defined as `fastai` `callbacks`.
Given this fact, you need to train your models using `fastai`â€™s API to
use them.

As these techniques modifies the input image changing some pixels
regions for something else, those callbacks have been defined as the
union of two subcomponents: the `HoleMakerTechnique`, that defines how
to make the hole (how to select the region to replace) and the
`HolesFilling`, that defines how to fill the region defined below (the
way to fill the region gives the name to the technique used).

The `HoleMakerTechnique` can be replaced in order to change the behavior
of the selection of the region to replace. Doing so, you can use a
CutOut technique that select the region randomly or based on the
information bounded in that region.

You can also define your custom techniques defining how to fill a hole.
You just need to extend the `HolesFilling` class and define the
`before_bacth` (remember: we are using `callbacks` from `fastai`)
abstract method. You will have two methods to simplify the process: the
`make_hole` function, that uses the selected `HoleMakerTechnique` to
make the hole and returns two slices (the region boundaries) and the
`fill_hole` function, that fills the hole with something.

## How to use it

In order to use these techniques, you just need to define the `Learner`
from `fastai` with the `Callbacks` that represents the techniques that
you want to use.

For example, if you want to create an `U-net` `Leaner` with `resnet18`
backbone and use the CutOut technique with `HoleMakerRandom` as region
selection techinique (which is the default one), you just need to to add
to your learner:

``` sh
learner = unet_learner(dls, resnet18, cbs = CutOutRandom(hole_maker = HoleMakerRandom()))
```

In the next sections we explain all the details of those components.
